We're going to kick this video off by converting both of these over to async functions they're good
candidates because we do have promises and we could just await those promises instead.
And then we're going to talk about errors how we can throw them how we can customize errors that get
drowned by other code like these endpoints that's going to make it really useful and it'll make it a
lot easier to actually use async away in the real world where you do need to handle errors.
So to kick things off the first thing we're going to do is convert these two will do get exchange rate
together and get countries will be your challenge.
The first step I'm going to take is to make this an async function.
Otherwise we can't use a wait.
Then we're going to go ahead and set up a variable a constant response and we are going to set this
equal to a wait and then we're going to await the following promise the one right here that comes back
from X-posts dot get I'm going to copy paste it.
Toss a semicolon at the end and the only thing left to do is to return this value.
I'm going to take it and move it right there.
Then we can remove all of the previous code we had and there we go.
We now have the exact same functionality and it's a little bit nicer.
Now the benefit isn't as drastic as the benefit from going to this to this guy but it is still indeed
nice.
And I do recommend using a sink anywhere you can.
All right.
Exact same functionality.
Your challenge is now to convert this one using the exact same steps.
I just went through this one shouldn't take too much and it shouldn't bring you too much trouble.
Take a quick moment to knock this out pause the video.
Test your work and when you're done click play.
The functionality should be exactly the same.
All right let's get to it.
Step one mark in this one is a sink.
Step two is creating that response variable and actually awaiting on the promise.
We're going to await the following promise right here.
Going to paste it in.
And the last step is to just return the exact same thing.
Area probably the fastest challenge we've ever done in this course.
Now that we have both of these converted we're just going to test our work by saving the file as long
as we get the exact same output.
We will move on to talking about errors how we can catch them how we can throw them and how in general
we can improve the errors that show up in our application.
All right the new results just showed up and it is identical to the other two which means that we are
good to go.
Now I'd like to shift the discussion over to errors.
Well we're going to do is get these endpoints to trigger errors and we're going to look at how exactly
we can handle those and how he can tweak them to be something that's a little more useful because currently
we're going to get back just a whole bunch of junk.
So down below Step one is to actually print the error out to the screen so we can see what we're working
with right here.
We're going to catch the error.
And we're going to print the air con. dot Lague be perfect.
Now let's go ahead and start making some things fail.
We're going to kick things off by making jet countries fail.
That's the first call.
Now this one only uses two.
So all we have to do to get that to fail is to send in a bad two country code.
I'm going to use NMM save the file and we'll see what we get over inside of the browser.
Now what we're going to get back is a whole bunch of junk what's coming back here is actually X-posts
response as the error information in us things like that status code right here you can see it was a
404 with a message saying not found.
This is letting us know that the country code we provided was not found by that endpoint.
Now this is not particularly useful.
We want to come up with something that is a little more useful like a message on able to get countries
that use and am perfect.
That would be great.
So to do that we're going to tweak get countries we are going to go ahead and use a regular old try
catch block.
So we're going to set it up like this if the code in the try block throws an error.
The catch block will run otherwise catch will never run.
All we're going to do is take this code and move it inside try.
So what we're doing is saying any time either of these lines throw an error.
Run this code and provide the error.
Now we know what the error is the error sucks it doesn't contain much of anything.
So what we're going to do is just throw our own errors.
Something that is human readable throw new error.
And in this case we're going to stick with a template string.
Whoops.
Autocomplete getting a little Hatami there.
And we're going to go ahead and set it up on Abel to get countries that use.
And then we'll inject right before the period the currency code.
Now if we go ahead and save the currency convert application with a bad two country code we're going
to see unable to get countries that use m m m and we can access the message directly using the dot message
that will improve the output even more.
Now we just have a string and we can do anything we want with that string.
It's very clear on able to get the countries that use them.
Now let's go ahead and look at the next one in our list.
That is the get exchange rate function.
There are actually two things that can go wrong here.
The x CEO's request can fail itself and we could also end up with a response that's valid.
But the two status code is invalid.
So in that case there would be no rate for it.
Now we can go ahead and actually simulate this by coming out a few lines of code that's going to allow
us to test get exchange rate in isolation.
Now if I go ahead and mess this guy up.
Q W e we can save the file and we are going to get another error or request fail with status code for
twenty two.
Well we're going to do again is go through that exact same process and it actually like you to do this
so your challenge is going to be to wrap those two lines in a try catch block and then if catch runs
you're going to throw a new error using the following format.
Unable to get exchange rate for us a D and C A D.
This is going to be from currency code and this will be the two currency code.
So it takes some time to modify just this function save the program and you should see this message
over here as opposed to the message that we're currently seeing.
Obviously instead of USD and cod we will have Q W E and M M and knock this out pause the video and when
you're done click Play All right let's go ahead and knock this one out.
We're going to kick things off by setting up that try catch block.
We are going to try to run this code if it runs.
That would be very nice but if it doesn't we do want to handle that as well by throwing a new error
right here.
We're going to provide our message.
It will just be a template string.
Now the message I want to provide is unable to get exchange rate for the from currency code and the
2 currency code followed by a period.
Excellent.
Now we can go ahead and save this and see what happens over inside of the browser.
Unable to get exchange rate for UW and am now currently that's failing because from is invalid.
But what if frome is valid whatever trying to go to US.
D to and end this time around we are actually going to get something different here we just get undefined.
Undefined is coming up because this right here this is indeed undefined response not data rates exists.
We have a valid from country code so valid data comes back but the two country code does not exist which
is where undefined comes from.
We can always go ahead and fix that by creating a variable Konst right here.
Right.
And one side of the equal to that then a lot a little bit of if logic if there is a great great if there
is not a rate that's fine too.
If there is a rate we're just going to go ahead and return it if there's not a rate where it is going
to go ahead and throw in new error which will trigger the catch block down below which will print this
message to the screen.
Now if we save the code using the same codes from down below we get the message once again unable to
get the exchange rate for USD and MNM.
Now this message is going to show up if Frum's invalid if 2 is invalid or if both are invalid.
With that in place we now some little error handling set up and we can bring back the rest of the lines
from our application if we run through the app using bad data they are unable to get countries that
use NMM.
Prince Let's switch it back over to valid country codes like USD and see a D It's actually use the euro
for a change.
And over inside of the browser we should get valid values since both of those country codes are indeed
valid.
Here we get the exchange rate.
We get all of the countries that use the euro.
We aren't getting any of our error messages which is fantastic.
So by using regular techniques things from way way way back in javascript like try catch and throw new
error.
We're able to create a very nice set up using those async functions.
That is it for this video and that is it for our little currency.
Convert example.
So at this point we've gone through two examples we went through the app promises example where we had
a contrived set of data.
We created a few functions and we got to explore the basics of Eysenck a way.
Then we went through the currency convert example where we used to real API eyes and we did a little
more robust error handling and the end of the day that both use the exact same async and await techniques.
And hopefully you're starting to see how this can fit into our node applications in the next and final
video we're actually going to use a sink and a way to make some changes to the node API.
I'm very excited to get to that one.
So stay tuned.
I'll see you in the next one.